README.md, before:

## Spring Reference Manual
<hr/>

1. <strong>Spring Core</strong><br>
1.1. Tight and Loose Coupling <br>
1.2. XML Configuration for IoC and DI <br>
1.3. Java Configuration for IoC and DI<br>
1.4. Annotations and Hybrid configurations for IoC and DI<br>
1.5. Bean Scopes and Scope Combinations<br>
1.6. Lazy Initialization<br>
1.7. Properties<br>
1.8. XML value injection(Primitives and Non-primitives)<br>
1.9. Spring Profiles<br>

<br>

2. <strong>Spring JDBC</strong><br>
2.1. Spring JDBC Introduction <br>
2.2. Configuring XML for database connection <br>
2.3. Configuring Java config File for database connection(Alternative to XML config, with pre-defined classes bean initialization) <br>
2.4. Insert, Update and Delete operations with JdbcTemplate <br>
2.5. Configuring RowMapper implementation class for Select opearations <br>
2.6. Single-object Select queries and Multi-Object Select Queries implementation with JdbcTemplate and RowMapper<br>

<br>

3. <strong>Spring Boot</strong><br>
3.1. Understanding Spring Boot project structure <br>
3.2. Customizing Application Banner <br>
3.3. Testing Spring Core features in Spring Boot application <br>
3.4. Reading System and Custom Properties with Environment interface <br>
3.5. Introduction to Spring REST Architecture <br>
3.6. Working with Controller Layer and HTTP Requests+Responses <br>
3.7. Path Parameters and Query Parameters in Routing <br>
3.8. Spring Data JPA <br>
3.9. Defining application properties with YAML data serialization file <br>
3.10. Configuring PostgreSQL for database operations <br>
3.11. Creating Entity class and mapping class fields with database schema <br>

Commit message:

Added code for CRUD operations in JPA

README.md, after:

## Spring Reference Manual
<hr/>

1. <strong>Spring Core</strong><br>
1.1. Tight and Loose Coupling <br>
1.2. XML Configuration for IoC and DI <br>
1.3. Java Configuration for IoC and DI<br>
1.4. Annotations and Hybrid configurations for IoC and DI<br>
1.5. Bean Scopes and Scope Combinations<br>
1.6. Lazy Initialization<br>
1.7. Properties<br>
1.8. XML value injection(Primitives and Non-primitives)<br>
1.9. Spring Profiles<br>

<br>

2. <strong>Spring JDBC</strong><br>
2.1. Spring JDBC Introduction <br>
2.2. Configuring XML for database connection <br>
2.3. Configuring Java config File for database connection(Alternative to XML config, with pre-defined classes bean initialization) <br>
2.4. Insert, Update and Delete operations with JdbcTemplate <br>
2.5. Configuring RowMapper implementation class for Select opearations <br>
2.6. Single-object Select queries and Multi-Object Select Queries implementation with JdbcTemplate and RowMapper<br>

<br>

3. <strong>Spring Boot</strong><br>
3.1. Understanding Spring Boot project structure <br>
3.2. Customizing Application Banner <br>
3.3. Testing Spring Core features in Spring Boot application <br>
3.4. Reading System and Custom Properties with Environment interface <br>
3.5. Introduction to Spring REST Architecture <br>
3.6. Working with Controller Layer and HTTP Requests+Responses <br>
3.7. Path Parameters and Query Parameters in Routing <br>
3.8. Spring Data JPA Introduction<br>
3.9. Defining application properties with YAML data serialization file <br>
3.10. Configuring PostgreSQL for database operations <br>
3.11. Creating Entity class and mapping class fields with database schema using Spring Hibernate ORM <br>
3.12. Using JpaRepository for creating persistence layer and further implementation in upper application layers <br>
3.13. Performing CRUD operations with JPA <br>
3.14. Defining custom search functions in Repository file with JPA Query Methods <br>
